Pocket Tanks Deluxe
"Laser Pack" (registered weapon expansion)
-------------------------------------------------
version 1.0
August 4th, 2008
[Requires v1.2 or higher of Pocket Tanks Deluxe]


Copyright 2008 BlitWise Productions LLC, All Rights Reserved

written by: Michael P. Welch
e-mail: mike@blitwise.com
website: www.blitwise.com


Thank you for supporting my efforts.  I wouldn't have the time to
write games without the support of honest customers like you.
These weapons are NOT free distributable, and were purchased at:
http://www.blitwise.com/ptanksdepot.html


Requirements:

Pocket Tanks Deluxe 1.2 or higher 

You can purchase a copy of Pocket Tanks Deluxe by visiting 
http://www.blitwise.com/ptanksdeluxe.html

If you are a registered owner and need an updated version of 
Pocket Tanks Deluxe, send an email to support@blitwise.com



Description:

15 weapons for use with Pocket Tanks Deluxe


Weapons List:

Space Laser - Powerful orbiting satellite fires at targeting beacon
Bunker Buster - Unstoppable missile that literally cuts through any defense
Bushwhack - Ordinary shrubbery + ACME plant food = danger
Repeater - Fireworks effect with a bit of a kick (1)
Puddle Jumper - Splashes trouble everywhere it lands
Elevator - Lifts your tank above ground and onto a hovering platform
Breakout - Digs huge tunnel and jettisons your tank before dirt collapses
Orbiter - Laser lightshow that orbits and attacks
Bouncy Tunnel - Creates a long tunnel with bouncy walls (2)
Barrage - Launches salvo of missiles that home-in on target
Fire Hose - Make the other tank "drink from the fire hose!" (3)
Bumpers - Builds huge bouncy walls that cover the sides of the screen (4)
Web - Emits a spectacular tangle of webs to trip up your opponent (5)
Blowtorch - At close range, sweeps the area with burning flames (6)
Mudslide - Erupts from the ground with a shower of dirt (7)



Special Thanks
--------------

Talented and inspired people have been sending me weapon 
suggestions since 1993 for both Scorched Tanks and now
Pocket Tanks. I've had the wonderful opportunity to review 
neat ideas for many years and be positively influenced 
by everyone's enthusiasm and encouragement.

But this is a special thanks to the folks in the Blitwise
forum community who were in the right place at the right time
to help inspire this weapon pack.  Thank you for sharing 
your ideas.

Cheers!

Michael P. Welch


Suggestion Key
--------------
(from Weapon Suggestion Threads)
http://forums.blitwise.com/forums/showthread.php?t=3509
http://forums.blitwise.com/forums/showthread.php?t=3675

1 - Ballistic inspired
2 - Bouncy Tunnel name and design
3 - Sweetie Penguin design
4 - Bumper inspired
5 - Rebounder inspired
6 - Blow Torch name and inspired
7 - Underclasp inspired


  
For more great weapons, visit:
http://www.blitwise.com/ptanksdepot.html
